TELCODOCS-2564: Mimimize worker node deployment time mapped to multiple MCPs (#103501)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/minimizing-worker-node-deployment-time.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * openshift-docs/updating/preparing_for_updates/updating-cluster-prepare.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="minimizing-worker-node-deployment-time_{context}"]
= Minimizing worker node deployment time

You can minimize deployment time during cluster worker node installation by applying configuration changes across nodes simultaneously.

.Prerequisites

> * You must have access to the configuration file for your required installation method (`install-config.yaml` or similar).

Reviewer: i think you could lose all of the "musts" in these prerequisites

spec:
  machineConfigSelector:
    matchExpressions:
      - key: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role
        operator: In
        values: [ worker, worker-0 ]
  paused: false
  maxUnavailable: 100%
  nodeSelector:
    matchLabels:
      node-role.kubernetes.io/worker-0: ""
----
+
Ensure the following configurations are present:

* *maxUnavailable*: Set this value to `100%`. This setting ensures that all nodes within this specific MCP update concurrently during the initial deployment. By default, `maxUnavailable` is set to 1, causing all nodes within this specific MCP to update sequentially during the initial deployment.

* *nodeSelector*: Define a unique label, such as `node-role.kubernetes.io/worker-0`, to bind specific nodes to this pool.

* *paused*: Set this value to `true` if you plan to apply additional Day 2 configurations, such as `PerformanceProfile`, after installation. All Day 2 configurations can be applied while the MCP is paused. They will be queued and applied when you unpause the node. Set this value to `false` if no further configurations are required.
+
[NOTE]
====
For bare-metal servers, the reboot time can take up to a couple of minutes.
====
+

> . Place the YAML files in the directory generated by the installation program. Ensure that your worker nodes get assigned the correct labels, such as `node-role.kubernetes.io/worker-0`, during the provisioning phase or immediately upon joining.

Reviewer: is there a command and sample output you could provide here?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * openshift-docs/updating/preparing_for_updates/updating-cluster-prepare.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="minimizing-worker-node-deployment-time_{context}"]
= Minimizing worker node deployment time

You can use the following procedure to minimize deployment time during cluster worker node installation by applying configuration changes across nodes simultaneously.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> This procedure assumes that no workloads run on the cluster worker nodes. Modifying the `maxUnavailable` value to `100%` while workloads run can violate high availability constraints.

Reviewer 2: Would it be clearer to say "no workloads _**are currently running**_"?, eg
```suggestion
This procedure assumes that no workloads are currently running on the cluster worker nodes. Modifying the `maxUnavailable` value to `100%` while workloads are running can violate high availability constraints.
```

Author: Updated as suggested.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * openshift-docs/updating/preparing_for_updates/updating-cluster-prepare.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="minimizing-worker-node-deployment-time_{context}"]
= Minimizing worker node deployment time

You can use the following procedure to minimize deployment time during cluster worker node installation by applying configuration changes across nodes simultaneously.

.Prerequisites

> * You must have access to the configuration file for your required installation method (agent-based, ZTP).

Author: Updated as suggested.
